{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Codeflix, a streaming video startup, is interested in measuring their user churn rate. In this project, you\'92ll be helping them answer these questions about their churn:\
1. Get familiar with the company.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How many months has the company been operating? Which months do you have enough information to calculate a churn rate?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What segments of users exist?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 2. What is the overall churn trend since the company started?\
3. Compare the churn rates between user segments.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Which segment of users should the company focus on expanding?\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Start the following project, which will guide you through the queries you need to answer the above questions. Make sure to save your queries and results \'97 you\'92ll be using them as well.\
Then, create a set of slides using {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/slides/about/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Google Slides}}, Microsoft Powerpoint, or some other presentation software. Your presentation should answer all of the questions listed above. Each answer should include a text explanation and data to support your claim. The queries used to find that data should be included in a separate 
\b .sql
\b0  file. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3.amazonaws.com/codecademy-content/programs/learn-sql-from-scratch/SQL+Templates+ADwSQL.pptx"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Template:}}
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  We recommend that you use the template linked here. This template contains examples of the types of slides you\'92ll want to use.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3.amazonaws.com/codecademy-content/programs/learn-sql-from-scratch/calc-churn-proj/churn-rubric-for-learners-ADwSQL.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Rubric:}}
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  You can share your work with your peers on Codecademy, who can give you feedback based on this rubric. Make sure to check your work before submitting!\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
===================================\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Four months into launching Codeflix, management asks you to look into subscription churn rates. It\'92s early on in the business and people are excited to know how the company is doing.\
The marketing department is particularly interested in how the churn compares between two segments of users. They provide you with a dataset containing subscription data for users who were acquired through two distinct channels.\
The dataset provided to you contains one SQL table, 
\f1 subscriptions
\f0 . Within the table, there are 4 columns:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 id
\f0  - the subscription id\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 subscription_start
\f0  - the start date of the subscription\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 subscription_end
\f0  - the end date of the subscription\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 segment
\f0  - this identifies which segment the subscription owner belongs to\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Codeflix requires a minimum subscription length of 31 days, so a user can never start and end their subscription in the same month.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 1. Take a look at the first 100 rows of data in the 
\f1 subscriptions
\f0  table. How many different segments do you see?\
\
2. Determine the range of months of data provided. Which months will you be able to calculate churn for?\
\
3. You\'92ll be calculating the churn rate for both segments (
\f1 87
\f0  and 
\f1 30
\f0 ) over the first 3 months of 2017 (you can\'92t calculate it for December, since there are no 
\f1 subscription_end
\f0  values yet). To get started, create a temporary table of 
\f1 months
\f0 .}